doc-site/docs/index.mdx, before:

# Resonance Designs – Slint UI Component Kit

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.10-orange)

A reusable collection of Slint UI components designed for audio tools, sequencers, and creative applications.

Built with a focus on:

- Clean, modern aesthetics
- Audio-centric controls (VU meters, knobs, sequencer cells)
- Dynamic theming support
- Simple integration into existing Slint projects

## Getting Started

To use these components in your Slint project, you can import them from the library:

```slint
import { RDSKnob, RDSVUMeter } from "rds-slint-ui-kit/components/index.slint";

VerticalLayout {
    RDSKnob {
        size: 60px;
        min-value: 0;
        max-value: 127;
    }
    RDSVUMeter {
        level: 0.65;
    }
}
```

See [Theming](theming.mdx) for details on customizing the look and feel.

## Interactive Demo

You can explore the full suite of components in our [Live Demo](demo.mdx). This demo is compiled to WebAssembly and runs directly in your browser.

## Installation (Planned)

This library is intended to be distributed via:

- **npm**: for Slint + JS / WASM projects
- **Cargo**: for Rust + Slint projects

## Roadmap

- [x] npm package with .slint exports
- [x] Rust crate wrapping Slint resources
- [x] Theming support
- [ ] Additional UI components
- [ ] Documentation site & screenshots
- [ ] Demo application using the UI library

## License

Copyright © 2026
[Richard Bakos](mailto:info@resonancedesigns.dev) – [Resonance Designs](https://resonancedesigns.dev)
[MIT](license.mdx)

Commit message:

feat: Enhanced and new components, documentation updates, theme updates
- **New `all_components.slint`**: Created a component in the root of the project that contains all components organized into categories.
- **Enhanced `RDSButton`**: Refined layout logic and removed redundant stretch properties in favor of standard Slint layout behavior. Added `pressed` and `released` callbacks.
- **Enhanced `RDSSelectButton`**: Added `label-font-family` and `label-elide` properties for better text control.
- **Enhanced `RDSSequencerCell`**: Added customizable dimensions (`cell-width`, `cell-height`), text labeling (`cell-text`), and an `edit` state.
- **New Component `RDSTextStepper`**: A stepper component for cycling through string options.
- **Enhanced `RDSWaveformViz`**: Added support for loop regions, trigger points, and grain markers. Renamed properties to kebab-case for consistency.
- **Enhanced `RDSVectorscopeViz`**: Renamed properties to kebab-case.
- **Theming Updates**:
  - Added `ui_device_panel_bg` to `RDSTheme`.
  - Added `is-dark` property to the `Theme` global for easier conditional styling.
- **Documentation**:
  - Updated all component MDX files and root README to reflect the latest property changes and new components.
  - Moved component documentation into category sub-folders and adjusted the navigation to mirror it.
  - Updated the HomepageFeatures component with custom graphics.
  - Updated Web Assembly compoonent gallery/demo.

doc-site/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_label: RD – Slint UI Component Kit
---

# Resonance Designs – Slint UI Component Kit

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.13-orange)

A reusable collection of Slint UI components designed for audio tools, sequencers, and creative applications.

Built with a focus on:

- Clean, modern aesthetics
- Audio-centric controls (VU meters, knobs, sequencer cells)
- Dynamic theming support
- Simple integration into existing Slint projects

## Getting Started

To use these components in your Slint project, you can import them from the library:

```slint
import { RDSKnob, RDSVUMeter } from "rds-slint-ui-kit/components/index.slint";

VerticalLayout {
    RDSKnob {
        size: 60px;
        min-value: 0;
        max-value: 127;
    }
    RDSVUMeter {
        level: 0.65;
    }
}
```

See [Theming](theming) for details on customizing the look and feel.

## Interactive Demo

You can explore the full suite of components in our [Live Demo](demo). This demo is compiled to WebAssembly and runs directly in your browser.

## Installation (Planned)

This library is intended to be distributed via:

- **npm**: for Slint + JS / WASM projects
- **Cargo**: for Rust + Slint projects

## Roadmap

- [x] npm package with .slint exports
- [x] Rust crate wrapping Slint resources
- [x] Theming support
- [ ] Additional UI components
- [x] Documentation site & screenshots
- [x] Demo application using the UI library

## License

Copyright © 2026
[Richard Bakos](mailto:info@resonancedesigns.dev) – [Resonance Designs](https://resonancedesigns.dev)
[MIT](license)
